You don't even know the southeast direction
You also call yourself Mr. Little Yin Yang
Shame on you.
Stop talking nonsense
If you know, tell me where the southeast is
Humph
I don't know.
Can you stop making trouble?
Li Ergou, if we move in the wrong direction later
Angry scourge
We have to fight here
I really don't know.
There's not a single star in the sky.
I can't even tell the direction if I want to.
Don't you have a compass?
Compass
Yes, hey.
How did I forget about this?
On Qiankun gossip is set as the four sides
It doesn't get any better than this.
Why doesn't it keep turning?
Is this thing going to work?
Oops, this place must be so evil
Even Rome has failed
Then do you need any other way to hurry up to school?
It seems that there is really no other way.
The toe of the shoe will fall to the ground after throwing the shoe.
Where is the toe facing?
It's that bag gun, I'll go to you
Can you do this speed?
I don't want to miss the roast chicken.
Xiao Ming will leave it here
It's too late.
Right here.
Offend the facial features
You have to offend the five senses, offend the five senses